Provide `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Negotiate` package README (#57772)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Security/Authentication/Negotiate/src/PACKAGE.md

## About

> `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Negotiate` contains middleware to authenticate requests using Windows Authentication (also known as Negotiate, Kerberos, or NTLM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Negotiate` contains an authentication handler used to authenticate requests using Windows Authentication (also known as Negotiate, Kerberos, or NTLM).
```

It's middleware in a general sense, but it's probably best to not imply it's middleware middleware.

## How to Use

To use `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Negotiate`, follow these steps:

### Installation

```shell
dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Negotiate
```

### Configuration

To use the middleware, configure it in your ASP.NET Core app's `Program.cs`:

> ```csharp
> builder.Services.AddAuthentication(NegotiateDefaults.AuthenticationScheme)
>    .AddNegotiate();
> 
> builder.Services.AddAuthorization(options =>
> {
>     options.FallbackPolicy = options.DefaultPolicy;
> });
> 
> var app = builder.Build();
> 
> app.UseAuthentication();
> app.UseAuthorization();
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
builder.Services.AddAuthentication(NegotiateDefaults.AuthenticationScheme)
   .AddNegotiate();

builder.Services.AddAuthorization();

var app = builder.Build();
```
```

Unless we're planning on showing `options.FallbackPolicy = options.DefaultPolicy;` in every authentication package README, I wouldn't do it here. `UseAuthentication` and `UseAuthorization` will also get added for you manually these days if you call `AddAuthorization()`.
